Update README.md (#2)
queueit/KnownUser.V3.ASPNETCORE: Documentation/README.md

There are 3 possible ways you can retrieve the integration config information and provide it for the Known User SDK:

**1. Time based pulling:**

>    In this method, you would have a long running tasks retrieving the latest version of published integration with a sepecified time interval from Queue-it repository with the address **https://[your-customer-id].queue-it.net/status/integrationconfig/secure/[your-customer-id]** then cache and reuse the retrieved value until the next interval. **Make sure you enable “Secure integration config” setting in the Go Queue-it self-service portal**. You also need to provide API key in the request header to retrieve integration config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this method, you would have a long running tasks retrieving the latest version of published integration with a sepecified time interval from Queue-it repository with the address **https://[your-customer-id].queue-it.net/status/integrationconfig/secure/[your-customer-id]** then cache and reuse the retrieved value until the next interval. **To prevent unauthorized access to your config file make sure you enable “Secure integration config” setting in the Go Queue-it self-service portal** then provide your API key in the request header to retrieve integration config.
```
